com/company/Commands/Help.java
 com.company.Commands.Help
com/company/Models/TicketType.java
 com.company.Models.TicketType
com/company/Command.java
 com.company.Command
com/company/Managers/TicketManager.java
 com.company.Managers.TicketManager
com/company/Models/user.java
 com.company.Models.user
com/company/Models/VenueType.java
 com.company.Models.VenueType
com/company/Helper/Printer.java
 com.company.Helper.Printer
com/company/Models/Responce.java
 com.company.Models.Responce
com/company/Models/Ticket.java
 com.company.Models.Ticket
com/company/Models/Venue.java
 com.company.Models.Venue
com/company/Models/Coordinates.java
 com.company.Models.Coordinates
com/company/Commands/Empty.java
 com.company.Commands.Empty
com/company/Commands/Execute_script.java
 com.company.Commands.Execute_script
com/company/Validator.java
 com.company.Validator
com/company/Managers/CommandManager.java
 com.company.Managers.CommandManager
com/company/Commands/Remove_first.java
 com.company.Commands.Remove_first
com/company/Commands/Update_by_id.java
 com.company.Commands.Update_by_id
com/company/Commands/Show.java
 com.company.Commands.Show
com/company/Main.java
 com.company.Main
com/company/Helper/Logger.java
 com.company.Helper.Logger
com/company/Commands/Register.java
 com.company.Commands.Register
com/company/Commands/Remove_lower.java
 com.company.Commands.Remove_lower
com/company/DataBase.java
 com.company.DataBase
com/company/Commands/Group_counting_by_coordinates.java
 com.company.Commands.Group_counting_by_coordinates
com/company/Commands/Print_field_descending_type.java
 com.company.Commands.Print_field_descending_type
com/company/Commands/Remove_all_by_venue.java
 com.company.Commands.Remove_all_by_venue
com/company/Helper/Parser.java
 com.company.Helper.Parser
com/company/Commands/Add.java
 com.company.Commands.Add
com/company/Commands/Remove_by_id.java
 com.company.Commands.Remove_by_id
com/company/Commands/Clear.java
 com.company.Commands.Clear
com/company/Commands/Save.java
 com.company.Commands.Save
com/company/Commands/Head.java
 com.company.Commands.Head
com/company/Commands/Info.java
 com.company.Commands.Info
